give flash that generator excuse me I'll
use my ring to give you a running stuff
our combined speeds might be enough to
get the generator to open the wormhole
that's crazy
you've got a better idea
according to Shawn's calculations the
wormhole has to open exactly seven and a
half minutes into the run any earlier
it'll be too far from the Sun to have an
effect any later and you risk tearing
the Sun apart through the wormhole
got it no pressure huh let's get this
cosmic treadmill rolling bring home the
gold gotcha
for
lantern he he's in one piece I think
he's all right everybody better be all
right
Oh swirly lights fuzzy grilled cheese
huh what happened
flash you did it you saved everyone
today how are you feeling actually kind
of faint I think I need some
mouth-to-mouth he's fine